Task1 : Define the variables:

    First define the below variables:

    Set the screen_width and screen_height and initialize them to 0.   Done

    Define a variable as apple to hold the image of apple and set it to empty.   Done

    Define a variable speak_data to hold the speech which we want the system to speak and set it to empty.    Done

    Then define a variable to_number to hold the number said by the user and set it to empty. Done


Task2 : Load Image:

    Define a function as preload and inside it write the following code:

    Using the loadImage() function, load the apple image provided to you and store this in the apple variable.   Done


Task3 : Inside the recognition.onresult function add the below code:

    Write the code to convert the value present in the variable content to number, using the Number() function and store 
    it in the variable to_number.      Done

    After that check if the value of the to_number variable is integer, by using the Number.isInteger() function:

    And if it is true then set the status as “Started drawing apple”, and set the value of the draw_apple variable as “set”.   Done
    
    So in the else part, set the status of the text as "The speech has not recognized a number ". Done


Task4 : Inside the setup() function add the below code:

    Inside the variable screen_width store the width of the browser window, using the window.innerWidth() function. Done

    Similarly get the height and store it in the screen_height variable.    Done

    Create the canvas using the createCanvas() function and inside it pass two 
    parameters as screen_width, screen_height-150.     Done

    We are deducting 150 from height to give the spacing between the Draw button and the canvas.     Okay

    Then using the canvas.position() function set the image at the coordinates between 0 and 150.    Done
    
    So our canvas is positioned as per the width and height of the screen.   Okay



Task5: Inside the draw() function add the below code:

    Inside the If condition after checking draw_apple==”set”, write a for loop to iterate over 
    the number present in the to_number variable:      

    Initialize a variable i to 1.    Done

    Check if i is less than or equal to the to_number variable.   Done

    Increment the value of i by 1.   Done

    Now, inside the for loop set the value of x and y coordinates, for this:

    Use Math.floor() function and write the Math.random() function inside it and multiply it by 700 (or any value 
    less than the screen_width).     Done
    
    And store this value in the variable x.    Done

    Use the same logic for finding the y coordinate.     Done

    And multiply by 400 (any value less than the screen_height).     Done

    And store this value in the variable y.          Done

    Then using the image() function draw the apple image on the canvas.       Done 

    After the document.getElementbyId() function add the below lines of code:

    Inside the speak_data variable store the to_number variable and concatenate it with text as “Apples drawn”

    Call the speak() function.